Brainstorm/Key Ideas I want
Ghost Pirates
Kraken/Big monster battle
Ships and exploring
Fighting pirates and smugglers
Salt-marsh as a home base/important town
Naval Orientated Space
Sahuagin invasion still a big part of the campaign
Lots of aquatic beings
Prehaps we fight pirates, then to realize the sahagin invasion is coming maybe we unite with pirates and smugglers to take down this larger threat?
Control of the ocean
Should we keep Lizardfolk in there and the uniting part from the book?
What do the Sahaguins want with salt-marsh? Maybe it was a religious location for them and they wish to reclaim it?
Something tieing in Ghosts?
howtobeagreatGM suggests that we use a Ghost behind the scenes who has been wronged by saltmarsh to drive the story

Undead captain or something rides a kraken? Undead kraken?

Captain wants to take over saltmarsh bc of previous problems.


Loud vs Unseen nemesis? Blunt force tramua nemesis? Final boss they must fight at the end of the campagin?


So we're given an unseen enemy. Maybe I change it so the Scarlet Brotherhood wants the Sahagin to invade bc they believe it's their birthright? What drives the brotherhood to want to do this?


Saltmarsh is not well defended. The book tells us this. The book also has the PCs gather defenses for salt-marsh land and sea


For sea not really, but maybe I can send the PCs off to the Sea of Princes to aid them in defending salt-marsh


I want saltmarsh to be more of like a town that got caught in the middle sort of situation


Giving the players a ship they can care for gives them a reason to be at sea. Otherwise they would just run on land and avoid the sea monsters

What were the Sahaguin doing out in the first mission? Maybe they were scouting the seas

They are amphibias creatures so they aren't as well versed in sea affairs as humans.

Humans traveled the worlds by sea


How to die Haunted house to sahagin? The captors?


Do I keep the lizardfolk alliance adventure? How do they know about the sahagin incursion


Hail Hydra?

The Sahagins have sent scouts into Salt-marsh disguised as humans?

Hautned house - Good Captain's brother dies trying to investigate whats going on
Maybe the slavers are actually sahagin? 

Hold of Sea princes are being framed by the sahagins so the humans will do infighting as they can take over keoland

Ghost pirates (people who have been wronged by the people of keoland) are allied with the Sahagins to give them more ship authority
